Write a program  to implement circular queue
Explain Linear and Non Linear data structure with example
What are the advantages of linked list over array?  Write a program to implement stack using linked list
Write a program  to implement insertion sort. Show the passess of insertion sort for the following input 
Give different searching techniques. Write a program  to implement binary search
Explain different representation of graph. State advantages and disadvantages of each representation
Hash the following in a table of size 11. Use any two collision resolution techniques.  23  0  52  61  78  33  100  8  10  90  14
Write a program to create a binary search tree. Show BST for the following input
Expalin the method of Huffman coding. Apply the Huffman Coding Method for the following method. Give the code for each symbol 
 Explain index sequential search with an example
Write a program to implement interpolation  search.
Write a program to implement binary search.
"Write a program to implement Radix sort. Show the steps to sort the following numbers. 12 45 23 65 0 98 13 10"
Write ADT for stack. Give application of stack
Write a program to create a  linked list and perform the following operation (i) Insert into list (ii) Search for data (iii)Delete from list (iv) Display the list
Write short note on tree traversal algorithm
"Write a program to implement Quick sort. Show the steps to sort the following numbers. 44  33 11 55 77 90 40 60"
"Write a program to implement Merge sort. Show the steps to sort the following numbers. 99 22 88 66 40 10 34 52"
Write a program to implement shell sort
Write a program to convert given fully parenthesized infix expression  to postfix expression.
Write functions to implement push and pop operations
Define Abstract Data Type. 
Define data structure.  Explain different types of data structures with example 
Compare iteration and recursion
Write a program to sort given n integers using Heap sort
Write a non-recursive function for inorder traversal
Explain circular queue and double ended queue with an example
Write a program to implement DFS traversal of a graph using adjacency matrix
Write a program to construct binary tree for the following preorder and  inorder trversal seuences 
What is Huffman Coding? Construct the Huffman tree and determine the code for the following characters whose frequencies are given
Write a program to implement circular queue. The following operation should be performed by the program (i) Creating the queue (ii) Inserting into queue (iii) Deleting from the queue (iv) Displaying all the elements of the queue
What are the limitations of radix sort?
Explain various graph traversal technique using example
Discuss AVL trees. Insert the following elements into a AVL search tree: 27  23 25 29 35 33 39
Using Linear probing and quadratic probing insert the following values into a Hash table of size 10. Show how many collisions occur in each technique: 99 33 23 44 56 43 19
What are the advantages and disadvantages of indexed sequential search? 
Write a program for deletion of anode from BST. The program should consider all the cases.
write a program to merge 2 sorted singly linked list
Evaluate the following prefix expression " ++ 26 + - 1324"
Write an ADT for Circular Queue. Explain its primitive functions with example.
List any four applications of Queue and explain any one.
What is array representation of given binary tree ?
What is linked representation of given binary tree ?
Write algorithm for Breadth First Traversal of the graph. 
Explain Graph as an ADT.
Write and explain algorithm to delete node from AVL tree
What is hash function ? Explain the different types of hash functions.
Define heap. Explain types of heap. Write an algorithm to insert an element into heap.
Construct a B tree of order 5 for the following data :
What is B tree ? Explain the process for deleting a particular value from B tree.
List and explain in brief applications of binary tree.
Write non-recursive algorithm for traversal of binary tree : [9]
Write a ‘C’ program to shift elements of an integer array one location ahead. Element present at last location of array should be shifted on first location of the array. Write separate functions for accepting array, shifting array, displaying array etc
Explain in detail the concept of data object, data structures, linear data structure and non-linear data structure.
What is Abstract Data Type (ADT) ? Write an abstract data type for linked list
Explain how a polynomial is represented using array with one example
What a ‘C’ program to implement circular linked list and display the contents in reverse order. (Write separate functions for create and display)
Write a ‘C’ program to implement circular queue using array and perform insert and delete operation
Differentiate between linear and circular queue.
Explain stack overflow and underflow conditions.
What is priority queue ? Give an application for priority queue.
Write a ‘C’ program to reverse the given string using stack. Find out time complexity of program
Write an algorithm to search a given student's name in an array of student names using Binary search
Explain the representation of polynomial using linked list with an example
Write a function to create a doubly linked list (DLL) and add an element in the middle of DLL
Write functions to delete and insert the last element in a circular linked list